The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
Um, I'm really sorry.
It isn't like this is your fault.
So?! Amane's neighbor was the angel all along?
Um, I'd appreciate it
if you stopped calling me "angel."
So what's happened so far
is that Shiina-san was living next door
to Amane and sharing meals with him.
Is that an accurate description?
Yeah.
I owed him a favor,
and Fujimiya-san appeared to be
living such an unhealthy lifestyle.
I was worried about him.
I see. Hmm.
I understand the general situation now,
but while Shiina-san makes sense,
it's strange that Amane
doesn't have feelings for her.
I mean, she's like your
very own wife-in-training!
That is not my intent and is not possible.
I don't have any ulterior motives at all.
That's why Shiina is helping me out
in the first place.
Well, if you say so, Amane.
But seriously, what an odd couple.
Was the stuffed animal for Shiina-san, too?
Yeah.
Heh?
Shut up.
I haven't said anything yet!
Your face said plenty.
That's mean!
The Angel in the Christmas
So, yeah.
We don't have the same kind of
lovey-dovey relationship you do,
but if you spill this to other people,
it would be a huge pain for us.
You get that, right?
Yeah, I get it. I won't tell anyone else.
You, too, Chitose.
I'm not that much of a blabbermouth!
Besides,
nobody would believe a girl this cute
was making dinners for you, Amane.
Excuse me for punching above my weight.
Hey, I didn't say that.
Don't be so touchy.
I've never seen her
from this close up before.
She sure is pretty enough
to be called an angel!
Her facial proportions are perfect,
her skin is light and clean,
her eyelashes are long, her hair is silky,
she's slim but not flat.
Huh? U-Um...
And her skin is so radiant.
What do you do to maintain it?
That's as far as you go.
Aww!
She's really shy. Don't get so physical
when she doesn't even know you.
Oh.
I'm really sorry.
I got so excited,
I almost tried to touch you.
It's... okay.
Shiina, Chitose is a colossal weirdo,
but she isn't a creep... I hope.
Hey, hey, was that a compliment?
I doubt it! Did you just insult me?!
Can you deny it with an outburst like that?
No, I cannot.
In that case...
Huh?
Can we start out as friends?
Eh, uh, oh... sure.
Pleased to meet you.
If we're gonna be friends,
I guess we gotta introduce ourselves.
I'm Chitose Shirakawa.
Amane's best friend... right?...
Ikkun's girlfriend.
Aww, "best friend"? Don't make me blush!
It's gross when you fake
being embarrassed like that.
But dontcha know?
I'm what people call a tsundere.
I'll seriously kick you out.
Throw me out into the icy cold?!
How heartless of you!
Barf.
Yeah, well, we're always like this.
Starting over, I'm Itsuki Akazawa.
I get to be this grumpy dude's best friend.
If Amane pulls anything really stupid
or weird, you can talk to me anytime. Okay?
Would you cool it?
I don't think Fujimiya-san
is interested in me like that,
and while his homemaking skills
are non-existent,
he is a reasonable person, so I'll be okay.
You didn't need to pick on my
homemaking skills, but thanks for the rest.
Hey, hey. I bet your cooking
is delicious, Shiina-san.
Do you have any specialties?
Um, I don't really have a specialty,
but I can cook pretty much anything.
That's great!
I like cooking, too, you know,
but my takes on the recipes
don't always get good reviews.
But even then, Ikkun always
eats my cooking with a smile.
I'm really sorry about that.
It's all right.
I don't know a lot of people like that,
so it was kind of fun.
Yeah, Chitose's kind of an unusual one.
If she gets too intense,
feel free to slap her.
I-I won't use violence,
but I'll try to convince her to stop.
It's really a white Christmas.
It sure is. That doesn't really
mean anything for us, though.
Why don't we just enjoy how pretty it looks?
But if it keeps falling,
it'll shut down public transportation, too,
so I hope it doesn't snow too much.
Back to being practical again?
Well, I'll bring over
the beef stew I made, okay?
For lunch tomorrow, we can
have beef stew over omurice.
That sounds so delicious!
I'll go get it.
I wish we could have kept it
our secret for just a little longer.
Wait, what am I even thinking?
Ah, that was delicious!
I'm glad you liked it.
Amane-kun, you always
look so happy when you're eating.
I really am happy. It's because
your cooking is so good, Mahiru.
I'm very glad to hear that.
I guess happiness comes cheap.
No, this is a treasure.
You underestimate how valuable you are.
How did you learn
to make so many different things?
Someone who took care of me taught me how.
She said, "When you find someone who makes
you happy, grab him by the stomach."
Sorry about that. I made you
grab mine instead.
I'll consider it a practice run.
But yeah, that person who took care
of you must be an amazing cook.
She sure is. I'm still
nowhere near her level.
Her cooking tastes like pure joy.
It must've been incredibly good, then.
Anyway, for me, your cooking
already tastes like joy.
Oh?
Mahiru?
Huh? Oh. It's nothing.
Is something wrong?
It's just, I didn't realize I could
make food taste joyful yet.
I don't know why you need
to be so hard on yourself,
but it's so good I want to eat it every day.
Th-Thank you for saying that.
Uh, for tomorrow, is around noon good?
Yes, that is what we agreed on.
We'll make lunch, and then play
those games we talked about, right?
I'm looking forward to it.
C-Cool.
The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
Fine. Here, here.
See? You gotta go here,
and then watch your timing
when you get here...
Oh!
Eh?
Ah!
Sorry!
It's... okay. That was my fault, too.
I'm really sorry.
Um, I'm not that worried about it.
Huh?
You aren't mad?
I am a little surprised, but not mad.
It's not like you're a stranger.
Mahiru, you're leaning!
What the heck? She's so cute!
You really don't need to lean like that.
I-I wasn't doing it on purpose!
Yeah, I know. But you were still leaning.
Are you making fun of me?
No, no, it was just so funny to watch.
So you are making fun of me!
Would I make fun of
someone who's trying so hard?
No, I don't think so...
Right? I just thought it was cute.
"Cute" meaning someone who's
so childish they're funny to watch.
Hey, ow—
Ouch?
Amane-kun, you dummy!
I won!
Good for you. I could tell
you were really trying.
Yes! Thank you very much!
It was so fun, I really got into it!
Here's your prize for winning first place.
Um, you really don't need to.
If you don't want a prize,
then just pretend it's something that old,
round guy with the big beard left with me.
Oh.
You can open it.
Okay.
I mean, it isn't anything special.
Oh!
It's a key case.
Because I lent you my key, you know.
If you don't want to use it, that's fine.
No, I'll be very happy to use it.
Amane-kun, you have a better
sense of style than I thought.
What do you mean, better than you thought?
Well, your everyday clothes
are nowhere near stylish.
It sounds like you looked
pretty sharp in junior high, though.
That's because Mom made me...
Wait, how do you know?
Shihoko-san sent me a picture and said,
"This is what he looks like cleaned up."
Why that little...
They did exchange contact info that day.
It didn't look good on me anyway.
I wonder about that.
Amane-kun, your bangs hide it, but I think
you have really handsome features.
What?
Ah, nothing. Your eyes
seem brighter than before.
Well, I can't deny that.
But now it's your turn.
Um... So...
I have a Christmas present for you, too.
It's super warm!
And it feels so soft!
I'm glad you like it.
Hmm? What is it?
Well, I was just thinking you look a lot
less guarded now than when we first met.
Do I?
Yeah, and I like it a lot more.
When you smile like you did a minute ago,
I just think, you're so cute, it's a
shame you can't always smile that way.
Seeing you smile such a natural smile
makes me think you're comfortable
around me, so I'm pretty hap—
Whoa!
Please, stop talking for a minute.
What's going on?
Nothing at all.
Are you embarrassed or something?
Please be quiet!
You'll catch a cold.
Shouldn't that be my line?
That time, I just didn't take a bath
and warm up properly.
I should have been more careful.
If I catch you like that again,
I'll throw you into the bath myself.
Are you my mom?
Honestly, I've been so grateful
these two months. Thank you.
Me, too. Thank you very much.
I haven't done anything, though.
I'm thankful for things
you don't even realize.
Bit by bit, I'm really starting
to like living like this.
Your face is red. Do you have a fever?
I most certainly don't.
I'm just a little flushed.
Then take your temperature and prove it.
It's 37.2 degrees. A slight fever. I'm fine.
Oh?
It looks like 38.4 degrees to me.
Are you going to overdo it
while you let me just slack off?
It's winter break, so you should relax.
She's so stubborn.
A-Amane-kun?
I know you'll push it,
so I'm watching you until you sleep.
Huh?
Uh...
Y-You can't go into a girl's room!
If you don't like that,
you can sleep in my room.
Isn't there some other option?
You should have accepted your
need to rest from the start.
So, what'll it be? My place or yours, Mahiru?
What if I say neither?
Then I'll force my way into your
apartment and throw you into bed myself.
Then your room is fine.
You took your medicine, so now just rest up.
You sure worked fast.
I'm just doing the same thing you did for me.
I mean, why were you trying
to push yourself in the first place?
It's my fault for not taking care of myself.
Even with utmost diligence,
it's still possible to catch a cold.
You're always working too hard anyway.
You're probably exhausted.
But I know that's my fault,
so I really should apologize.
Amane-kun, I've never thought
of you as a burden.
Is that right?
But even then, this is a perfect
chance for you to get s—
Good night.
I'm not a child, you know.
I know.
I'm holding on and watching
so you don't run away. Just relax.
Since it has come to this,
I will not try to flee.
I wonder about that.
Come on. If you want me
to let go, hurry up and sleep.
Yes?
Good morning. How are you feeling?
Don't lie to me now.
Still a little groggy.
Okay. Do you want rice porridge again?
I bought some pudding and gelatin, too.
Really, I'm... so sorry for the troub—
Quit apologizing. You did this for me, too.
So, pudding or gelatin. Which do you want?
Gelatin.
Okey-dokey. Think you can eat rice porridge?
Sure.
Do you need me to do anything else?
Not right now.
Okay.
Amane-kun?
I've got nothing better to do.
Wanna talk for a while until you get sleepy?
Huh?
Sure.
Nobody's ever looked after me like this.
Koyuki-san always went home
at the end of the day.
Koyuki-san?
The housekeeper when I lived at home.
Oh.
Morning and night, I was always alone.
Well, I'm here for today.
If you don't get well soon,
it's a problem for me, too.
I'm so sorry for occupying
your bed, and the cooking...
That's not what I mean.
I hate seeing the person
I spend all my time with get sick.
Hurry up and fall asleep, okay?
Once you get your fill of sleep,
you should be better.
Okay.
Should I watch over you
until you fall asleep again today?
Yes, please do.
Huh?
It was your idea, Amane-kun.
I guess it was, but...
Are you going back on your word as a man?
No way.
Come on.
You're so warm.
Your fever has gone down a lot.
Just go to sleep.
Okay.
I'm such an idiot.
Damn it.
You're so bad for my heart.
Next Time